Why do you even want me to make you so loud?
I also think my reputation is not brute enough
Brother Chen, I was wrong.
I really didn't cheat.
You have to believe me.
Hey, you said it doesn't matter if you are innocent or not.
Now the whole shout
Everyone in town knows you cuckolded me
If not
What about the reputation of my Ye family?
Brother Chen
Why don't we sell the company?
You go abroad with me
We go to a place where no one knows us
rent collection cabin
Are you crazy or stupid?
Trying to ruin my interest
I will not leave Sea City
It's the shark bastard
It's comfortable to serve you without you, right?
How can I say that you really can't bear it now?
You try your best to see others clearly
go back
I want you to sign the divorce agreement from my lawyer
I'm really going to move.
Right
OK
You don't want me to live
Then don't think about it
Divorce me
I will put you
Spending three properties with me
Wait for me to come out
So adulterous and stupid
The boy is angry with the Chinese people
I will definitely avenge you.